I've come this far to forget everything.
But I can't seem to do it.
I can't let Yeong-ro die.
What about me
who came back to the dorm to save you?
Fine.
Forget about me.
But think about how you've been living.
If you leave on the ship,
you can live a new life.
You can live in luxury.
Do you still want to go?
I'm sorry.
Get out.
Make it quick and come to the car.
Move!
Was it you?
Not Ms. Oh?
Don't resent me.
I'm just following the party's orders.
Eung-cheol and Gyeok-chan…
What happened to them?
Did you think you could live
after betraying the country?
They should've killed their traitor leader
and blown themselves up.
Like revolutionary warriors should!
So,
You who has been living
a revolutionary warrior's life…
Have you been happy?
Since you had to hide
your identity from your son,
I'm sure you couldn't
have been a good dad.
I feel…
sorry for you.
I pity you.
If I survive this,
am I going to…
have to live like you?
I'm not afraid of death.
But…
Yeong-ro is in danger.
Nam Tae-il has taken control.
You know what is
going to happen, don't you?
God damn it!
Do you know who I was calling?
You know Professor Choi Seong-muk
at Humboldt University in Germany, right?
I don't know what you're talking about.
When I was studying in Germany,
I'd visit the professor's house
with my friends,